API for remote data manager (#3124)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/remote_data.rst

.. _remote_data:

*******************
Remote Data Manager
*******************

There are functions which require files to be downloaded from the internet before they are executed.
If the files change on the remote server or if they are tampered with after the file is downloaded, the function may return erroneous results.

This Remote Data Manager provides developers with a way to download the files easily and ensure that the files are intact when they are used.
If the file is changed on the remote server, the data manager will raise an error so that the user is made aware that the intended file is not available.
If the file has changed on disk, data manager will redownload the file after warning the user.

Also in `sunpy.util`, there is a `~sunpy.util.hash_file` function.

Usage
-----

The manager has to be imported before it is used::

    from sunpy.data import manager

`~sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.require` is a decorator which is used to inform the data manager that the function requires a file for its execution.
`~sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.get` function is used to access the file inside the function.

> Suppose a function requires a file with url 'http://data.sunpy.org/sample-data/predicted-sunspot-radio-flux.txt' which has a SHA256 hash of 'b15c77b7537ac99304e05ce211cab160'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose a function requires a file with url 'http://data.sunpy.org/sample-data/predicted-sunspot-radio-flux.txt' which has a SHA256 hash of '4c85b04a5528aa97eb84a087450eda0421c71833820576330bba148564089b11'.
```
Presumably

Reviewer 2: Woops.

.. _remote_data:

************
Remote Files
************

Remote Data Manager
===================

> There are functions which require files to be downloaded from the internet before they are executed. If the files are changed on the remote

Reviewer 3: One sentence per line please.

server or if they are tampered with after the file is downloaded, the function may return erraneous results.

Remote Data Manager provides the developers a way to download the files easily and ensure that the files are intact when they are used.

Usage
-----

The manager has to be imported before it is used::

    from sunpy.data import manager

> `sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.require` is a decorator which is used to inform the data manager that the function requires a file for it's execution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`~sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.require` is a decorator which is used to inform the data manager that the function requires a file for it's execution.
```

> `sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.get` function is used to access the file inside the function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`~sunpy.data.data_manager.manager.DataManager.get` function is used to access the file inside the function.
```

Suppose a function requires a file with url 'http://data.sunpy.org/sample-data/predicted-sunspot-radio-flux.txt' which has a SHA1 hash of
'0f56b28dd53a99556254e66ba2c0401d567d0e94'. The following example will show how this function can be implemented.::

    @manager.require('test_file',
                    ['http://data.sunpy.org/sample-data/predicted-sunspot-radio-flux.txt'],
                    '0f56b28dd53a99556254e66ba2c0401d567d0e94')
    def test_function():
        file_path = manager.get('test_file')
        # do something with file
        return file_path

Cache
=====

Remote files sometimes have to be cached.
This is to ensure that the files are not redownloaded frequently, thus saving users' disc space and well as internet bandwidth.
The expiry of the cache is configured by the user.

Usage
-----

> The following example shows how cache can be used.::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows how cache can be used::
```

.. _remote_data:

************
Remote Files
************

Remote Data Manager
===================

There are functions which require files to be downloaded from the internet before they are executed.
If the files are changed on the remote server or if they are tampered with after the file is downloaded, the function may return erraneous results.

Remote Data Manager provides the developers a way to download the files easily and ensure that the files are intact when they are used.
If the file is changed on the remote server, the data manager will raise an error so that the developer can update the function to use the new hash.

> If the file has been tampered, data manager will redownload the file after warning the user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the file has changed on disk, data manager will redownload the file after warning the user.
```

Remote Data Manager
===================

There are functions which require files to be downloaded from the internet before they are executed.

> If the files are changed on the remote server or if they are tampered with after the file is downloaded, the function may return erraneous results.

Reviewer 3: If the file is locally corrupted, do we redownload it?

Author: No, we raise error.

Reviewer 3: Would it not make more sense to just redownload it?

Author: Now that I think about it, yes it makes more sense to redownload. I think I wrote the extra logic to check it because silently redownloading when cache doesn't match didn't make a lot of sense.

Reviewer 3: Have you changed the code to do this? If so can you update this sentence?
